
The only Discord app you'll ever need!
Trusted by 117+ million users.
 






 Welcome new members to your server
Use Maki's welcome feature to make new members feel welcome or to inform them about your server rules. You can fully customize your welcome card or you can keep it simple and stick to a simple message.

 Reward members for being active
Use our levels system to reward members for their activity in your server. Let your members customize their rank card and let them compete for a spot on the leaderboard! You can automatically let Maki assign roles when a member reaches a certain level to reward give them access to special channels and permissions.

 Keep your server safe and clean
Let Maki automatically moderate your server to protect your members from trolls and spammers.
Maki can filter things such as insults, excessive mentions, stickers, all-caps messages, and more.
You can choose a channel where Maki will notify your moderators whenever someone joins the server, deletes a message, and much more!
Make moderation easier with Maki's moderation commands to keep your server safe.

 Listen to music with your friends
Listen to high quality music with your friends in your Discord server by streaming music from a wide range of platforms.

 Build and manage your own economy
Create your own currency and let members save up for items in your shop. Allow your members to play games like blackjack, heads or tails, and more.

 Easily manage the roles in your server
Use the reaction roles feature to give your community the option to select roles to be pinged for announcements, to access hidden channels, or just to identify themselves.

 Make community interact easier
Maki has an awesome list of social commands that let your members interact with each other in a more meaningful way and bring activity to your server.
Host giveaways, create polls, accept suggestions, star funny messages, and much more.

 Detailed server statistics
Check the growth and activity of your server with detailed statistics. Track members, messages, joins, leaves, boosts, and overall growth.

 Temporary voice channels
Allow your members to create temporary voice channels that auto-delete when everyone leaves. This helps managing voice channels efficiently and reduces channel clutter in your server.

 Ticket system
Allow your members to open tickets in your server, allowing them to ask questions or submit content. Use different categories and with predefined questions to create a smooth process for your members. Maki will transcribe your closed tickets for you so you can efortlessly keep track of your closed tickets.

 Social media notifications
Keep your community up-to-date by sending social media notifications in one of your channels or follow your favorite content creators in your Discord server.

 Host exciting giveaways
Use Maki to host giveaways, boosting engagement and excitement in your community. Maki will automatically select the winners for you.

 Keep track of changes
Keep track of everything that happens in your server. See who invited whom, what messages got deleted, who performed a moderation, and much more. Relax and let Maki monitor your server for you.

 And so much more
Maki also has other amazing features such as AFK messages, reminders, repeating messages, birthday messages, vanity URLs, search commands, ...

Used in more than 1 million servers
These are some of our most notable servers.
Icon
 Once Human
788,834

Icon
 Live Insaan
644,775

Icon
 KFCEATBOX
543,320

Icon
 Dynamo Gaming 🇮🇳
381,432

Icon
 /r/OnePiece
348,241

Icon
 Sakura Onsen | Art
219,694

Icon
 【公式】 荒野行動
189,577

Icon
 CEROL
187,102

Add Maki
Start upgrading your Discord server today!


Copyright © 2020 - 2025 Quare C.V. All rights ReservedTerms of service